Need to create Experts Trips called for Example Trips created by Experts 
Guide – Divers – Mentors everyone can create his own trip program and put it on his profile and dashboard . 
Cycle like that 
Guide – Divers – Mentors find one their puplic page that they can create their own spesfic trips program and onece click it , need to sign in first . after that on their dashboard the find tab like create trip , once click it find form to fill it evey form matching to the type work of each experts . then click submit and popu up shown need fir admin approval . on admin comprehensive dashboard create tab called for example trip creteror approval or reject and sure adim have the abilty to see all information and images and full details of each trip created by experts before approval /reject . once approved .then at the experts dashboard that the the trip is approved . . these trips which created by experts . need to create new page called for example  created  trips by experts . when you open this page you have serach filter of kind of trips like sea trips, culure trips and son and also serach by expert type gyudes – divers – mentors. Then you find all trips together downloaded on the page and also can filter 
Travller can buy these trips by clicking buy this trips , or need more detaitals which redirect user to full details of the trips , and can contact the creator through whatapp and book the trip
But considered that the egtravelmaket want here act as guaranty like upworkplatform that to secure the trips and payment an son explain that EG Travel Market will be your guaranty and the money will be paid will transferred to the platform till you fined your trip and then transferred the money to the creators son condidered to let the traveler once they nned to book a trip by experts that wll find strip and the money will withdraw to eg travel market 
Also considerd that all experts should know this ccle and shoud know the eg travel market will deduct 20 % from total amount of any trip , also put condition like if a complain or cancelation or move trip and son on also shoud warn travller that eg travel market will not responsiable or involve of any agreement will happen outside the platform 
Tell me your opnion and asking if you can do it , don’t act till I give you the aaproval 
